Arrays problem sets (numbers/strings/sprites) (#190)
jwunderl/pxt-arcade: docs/courses/csintro3/arrays/sprites.md

2. The code is a bit redundant when setting the ``||sprites:x||`` position for each ``||sprites:Enemy||``: modify the code to use a ``||loops:for||`` loop instead
3. Set each ``||sprites:Enemy||`` to have a random ``||sprites:y||`` position between ``10`` and ``||scene:screen.height - 10||``
4. Use ``||math:Math.pickRandom||`` to select a random ``||sprites:Enemy||``. Make the selected ``||sprites:Enemy||`` ``||sprites:say||`` "I've been chosen!" for 1000 ms

> 5. **Challenge:** can steps 2 through 4 of this task be completed using the code from example #1a to start with? Which version is easier to work with?

Author: ```suggestion
5. **Challenge:** can steps 2 through 4 of this task be completed starting with the code from example #1a? Which version is easier to work with?
```
